![image](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAABKcAAAC7CAIAAAA/uWrZAAAACXBIWXMAABYlAAAWJQFJUiTwAAAUNUlEQVR42u3df3CU9Z0H8E0gFwpEo5CYjBIQsApetlawHEbEUmyLOOP1KjrEs9Y5OlMFtZU/2tpR1JtaOzdUBVFndKZVKozAdOqMiD9yCEpIEbG6FIVKJPzwsgWj0TUcMfy4P/ZueS6wm83+iDF5vYY/niy7zy7P84R53vv9fj+fgtCdL4QAAADoowodAgAAAKkPAAAAqQ8AAACpDwAAAKkPAAAAqQ8AAACpDwAAQOoDAABA6gMAAEDqAwAAQOoDAABA6gMAAEDqAwAAQOoDAACQ+gAAAJD6AAAAkPoAAACQ+gAAAJD6AAAAkPoAAACQ+gAAAKQ+AAAApD4AAACkPgAAAKQ+AAAApD4AAACkPgAAAKQ+AAAAqQ8AAACpDwAAAKkPAAAAqQ8AAACpDwAAAKkPAABA6gMAAEDqAwAAQOoDAABA6gMAAEDqAwAAQOoDAABA6gMAAJD6AAAAkPoAAACQ+gAAAJD6AAAAkPoAAACQ+gAAAJD6AAAApD4AAACkPgAAAKQ+AAAApD4AAACkPgAAAKQ+AAAApD4AAACpDwAAAKkPAAAAqQ8AAACpDwAAAKkPAAAAqQ8AAACpDwAAQOoDAABA6gMAAEDqAwAAQOoDAABA6gMAAEDqAwAAkPoAAACQ+gAAAJD6AACgs+ryoW/ffHF1+VCHAqQ+AAD6mnmTqiLzasIVJZF5NfMmVTkg0MMGOgQAAOTrXrOw4Kl/qZ4drkw8snjmuItHlP7gj1sPHz3m+JCry+ysU4rPPGXQyFO/Eny89VDHOwc+a2o95BAVhO58wVEAAOjlRpUO2nX71MxeW9fYcqDt81Ao9NyOAy83fnjgYEfPfOaywUV1P7woXFFy4l9FY+3hJfUZf5La6sqnZ4WT/e3ySHPtqkg2nzz1/kOhUMFdL+b8cM2bVLV45rjc7jMaax/74GttHUe6fLu6xpYZS7fkO4pXlw+NzKsJPhJ+uH7r/s8yvsAuHzP8xgvPnD5mWJe/Ag9sbFrf9PFJD0W/CMb+DwUA6NsS98TxMbdorP3RzXufeuuDvI6B1FSVbpgzKdnfVpQU7//5tEue2FS/p9UJirt4RGnO91lRUlw2pKit9UiXbzd9zLBrzq9YtrU5r//GP1zdOUtXn1GSQeobVTrovulfDY4hd/krEP8tWLB258L6pn6Y/azrAwDoXypKiu+ZNnbX7VOXXR3OR3mVgYUFd102JkXkS9gwZ5JlfvnW9nm6CednU87O6ycZVTropAO/GVxdu26fmizyRWPtyyPN0Vj7Sf/2nmljd/5kSm11ZX+7DIz1AQD0U7PDlbPDlYsadt9R916uRj+GFA34U+3Xu5xxF1fX2PJMngeXvqTqGlt+9+YH2e9n699j6U+jDVeU1FSV5m/09aeTR2W5h7LBRZG5NRUlxcEHI9HY41v2rd/10YljhkOKBow+7SvfG3/GPdPGJh6sKCl+elZ47LDB965rlPoAAOgXbp088pp/rLj6mbeyv92vLh/60g0TO92UJ7Ng7c77Xn1fTZeT+t2bHyz7IvLw3G9U5Sn1DSkacOvkkdnsoaaqdNW1FwSvrrrGlh89+9cUE5XbOo5s3f/Z1v2fLaxvml8zKpj97pk2dsrI0y5/8o1+ckWZ4QkA0N9VlBRvmDMpy2lvtdWVkXk1aUa+mUu33LuuUeTrbWaHK8sGF+VjzzdeeGaWkW/DnEmJqysaa7/kiU2XP/lGmmtT2zqO3Luucei/19U1tiQenD5mWP+ZYCz1AQAQCoVCT88K33XZmAxeOLCw4KEZ56UuepkQjbWX37/2+fc+TLargYUFzsUX6KZv5D4IDSws+OWlozN+edngolXXXhC8hMJL6jMYk2zrODJj6ZZg8Fs8c1w+lrZKfQAA9F73TBvb3dGPssFFW348Oc3Je8sjzSMWrk+20mxI0YA110/Y8uPJeRpuIplbVr8bvAZyHrwnnXVqYpguEo0tWLuzW4mx7ocXJV5e19iSTc+Pw0eP1a58O1jr5cSyolIfAAB93OKZ42qq0m0hUFNVGplbk2ZhxltWv1u7KpJsVmd1+dCdP5kyfcywcEVJZG5N+p+B7D23Y38kGkv8eM35Fbnd/yNXjk9s/+a1XTtbDqb/2jsuHR28wGpXvp1lw8kDBzvCS+oTP4YrSvrDcJ9qLgAAfcFJ+4YPLCw465Tii0ecduW5Zd88+/Q0F92tuvaCdIZT7rpsTLA8RgrRWHvqajGduqLH1xkuWLuzX1VZ/GLd/Nw7iWYbP5tydg5ryXRq2LBiWzT9VDmkaEDwGpu5dEuWkS8R/OoaWxKVZudMOOu2Ndv79vk11gcA0GcdPnqsqfXQsq3Ntasilf+x7uzfrg8O6SRTUVK8bNbXUt+Lv3zDxDQjX3xKXrLIl2JN4D3Txr58w8QhRQOcxx6wad8niXmP8RYOudpzsGHDgrU7u1XCZ37N8dcujzQnWw6agbtfOT7LNMviolIfAAC9SFProQmPNSxq2N3lM6ePGZbsvn9U6aD4VMx03nFRw+4ZycdnulwTOH3MsJ0/mTKqdJBz1wNfEPzq1fcTP87NUU2XTg0bHn19T7deG/xm4Y66v+U25Xa6qqU+AAD6zs39bWu2z1y6pctnBtdiJVxxzvBdt09Nvz3DbWu2JxvbSXNNYEVJ8a7bpxrx6wHBvvCzw5U5OebBhg3LI83dmp8ZfG1dY0uaTRrS/0UIfv1x8YjTpD4AAPqU59/78JInNqV+TqdpfvGpmKuvn5DO/qOx9rN/uz7FfLy7LhsTbL+WeleXPLGpreOIs5ZvbR1HgkEoOLsyY8GGDUu6M9AXCoWuOq88sR2ckJkr81/ccd3KSPzPim1RqQ8AgL6mfk/r8kgXFTsSVTfKBhetuX5Cmsuf6hpbRixcn2xkJodrAsm5BxqaEts3XTQiyxYONVWlwYYN3TqPQ4oGBGcR5+MaOHz02LKtzfE/3VptKPUBAPClcdvz76Z+wq2TRw4pGhCfipnmQr4Fa3de/uQbye6hc7gmkHxoaj2UqPdTUVL87fTOVDJ3f/N4tv/Na7u69doLKkuC4d+pkfoAAMjEgYMdwfbcJ/Wn2q93aypmil4LOVwTeLo27nlz83PvJLZ/fflXM97PqNJBwXjf3SmU3xp9/LXPbt/vvEh9AABk6LHNe1M/Ic1xuUg01mV7hhyuCVw8c5xzlyedWjhk3MH8Bxccr8XS3YYNoVDovOFDEtvrd33kvEh9AABk6PDRY12u7uvSoobdEx5rSNGe4QtZE0jGl0SwhcMvAuVY0tep6cKj3azjEgqFZocrE9uxzw87L1IfAACZe27HgWxeft3KSJftGXp+TSDZyL6FQ7D8ZncbNpxo36ftTkqWBjoEAAD92ca9H2f2wmisffLjf07RRW3epKo0p2JGY+1XP/NWijqNV5wzPM0Jon3Dwu+ee+W5ZVnuZMnrezIrfRlv4ZAYnp1fMyrFcs1knz+x/evAyGFm+nyBTakPAIBeKrykPtkYzsDCgjXXT0h/TeD0329OsauF3zk3zQmifUZFSXFwimNmZocrC+56MbPXPtDQlDjmN1004r5X308/enVq2LB1/2fdffecNIgnyAxPAAAyUffDi8pOVkuzbHDR3vlT02/PkKs1geRQU+uhRL+E7rZwCDZs+MXLf8vg3cuGqNGaY8b6AADIRLiiJDK3ptPMzG5NxbxuZWTZ1qS1ZGqqSldde0GanR76nuyr7Gzcm1Vn87tf2ZmI7r++/KspqqoGBRs2RGPtL2XUas9CPqkPAIBcKvmHzG8IK0qKN8yZtGDtznvXNQ4sLLjj0tFpFtjM4ZrAPumW1e8+vGnPF/sZ6ve0RmPt8dQdb+GQzlzNYMOGRzfvzWxJnoV8Uh8AALk09ezTs9zDPdPGThl5Wijt5n51jS3/vOwvbR1HTn572p01gX3VR9kVvcyV+S/seHpWOL79i0tH166KpH5+p4YNC+ubcvIxhhQNSHa1kCbr+gAA+rVgkf2MTR8zLP32DDOWbkl2E9+tNYHk27Pb9ye202nh0KlhQzZRLdEpPmSZn9QHAEA2hhQN6MmIdckTm+5d15hs/t4V5wzf//Np/XYhXy/U1nFkwdqdiR9vvPDM1M/PYcOGV3Z9lNg+85RBzoXUBwBAhh6/6vzUT7hl9bvBUZeMRaKx8vvXJmsfN7Cw4K7LxqRZBiYaa1/UsNu56xlPvXW8Y/svLx09sLAg2TOzb9gQFCxF863Rxn6lPgAAMlJdPjR1U7horP3hTXvGPvhaXUaVGBOWR5q7bM+QZhmYusaWsQ++tmnfJ05fz+jUwmHSWacme+bcb1QltjNr2BC0PjDW9/3xZzgRUh8AAN02sLDgpRsmpn7Oo5v3hkKhto4jM5ZuCc7065brVkZqV0WSzeqsLh8amVuTkzWB5Mndrxw/9Y9cOT5ZdE98g5Bxw4ag4FBhuKIkH33bBxYW1FZXxv+kGMPsI7/vrmMAgH7ojktHd7mCLjG77/DRY/eua/zP91s2zJnUrXdZHmlO0ZGvW+0ZLnliU7IJouRVpxYOo0oHndhy46bAQF/GDRtOvHgSSfKq88pTXEgZ/woER5hzvv9exVgfAED/MrCw4KEZ53U5o3J5pLnTzX39ntby+9dGorH032t2uPLlGyaeOJAysLBg2dXhNCNf6jWB9ID5L+xIbP908qgTz2Y+Gjb84e3/Or7PQJ2YXLnpohGJ7Y17P+7bZ1DqAwDoR8oGF2358eRbJ4/s8pl31J1kadaBgx0THmtYHunGqMj0McP2zp86qnRQp8+QeklhMHymWBNIzwi2cLh18shO8y2vOb8ieL5yNQX3pcaWRCWhipLimqrSHP6LqsuHBse6933a3rfPoNQHANAvjCodVFtduf/n08IVJV0+ecHanSfO4os7fPRY7arIdSsj6b91RUnxrtunXnHO8FAoVFNVmuZnCHW1JpAek7qFw8+mnJ36y4LMHD56LDjG+MiV43O4+u57gQoxkWisz19j1vUBAPQFtdUnHzo7fXDRxSNK0xxYi6trbLmvq2Zry7Y2b/177KUbJqbfXm/19RMi0ViaeS8aa//2k29kVv3//PKhyY5Gahv3fpws66Z5tHO1/17oqbc+SEzj/OWlox/7v8V7NVWliXMaicZy+w9csS268LvnJpYULvzOubet2Z6DCFRYEJzemX3FUakPAICe8PSscE72E4211658O52hj637PwsvqV8262vp93lPM/LVNbbUrnw741md4YqSzI7GdSsjTa3N+Tva6e+/F2pqPZQorxJv4RBfaRls2HDzc+/k9k3jw32Jo33r5JErtkWzX+EZLGWUk4qjvZ8ZngAAHHf1M2+lH7cOHOzIpqnDScXbM1jI1wsteX1PYjvewqFTw4Z89FFctrV5UcPuxI8b5kzKcoFfbXVlsPbMr159vz9MIZb6AAD437v2DLojxJs6zFy6JSefYebSLfeua7SQr3eq39OaqOAab+EQbNiQv/g0/8Udwcqx2QS/6vKhwXHaSDT22Oa9/eHcSX0AAISisfbwkvqM5849/96H5fevTVRczOwDlN+/9vn3PnQuerPfvLYrsf1s7YXBQbPfvflBnt708NFj03+/OXh1bZgz6aEZ53WrdXu8J/tLN0wMPnjVsjf7yVcMUh8AQH+3PNI89sHXspxUeeBgx4iF67vV1CGhrrFlxML1ZnUmnD64qHd+sBXboont4CrNRQ27c9WwIdnVFV5SXxdYgHfr5JGf3Tl93qSqsjSOVW115d75U5+eFQ4WH7rkiU1f3uI63aWaCwBA/xWNtf/bn/6aqxG2eFOHjXtb02y/HnfL6ncf3rTHuQhaPHPcxSNy0J7uQNvn81/ckcPhrMNHjy1YuzM4xBf3QENTvo9JfBHpwu+cG+w2uXjmuMUzx0Wisce37PtL86cffHooFArt+7T9rFOKQ6HQ+LKhE8889fvjz+hURigaa7/6mbeyrwoj9QEA0Nvz3vwXdqzYFs35DLeHN+35S/Onq669oMumDv3w5jt93Wq2kcIDDU25HdF69PU9nVJfzhs2pMict63ZvmJb9JErxweDXLiiJP0vGpZHmn/07La8jkxKfQAAfMFhb8Vfozkpf59C/Z7WLps6ZNmegS/KgYMdiRYOcTlv2NDl1fW1RzbWVJV2yn7p5L0lr+/pn98ySH0AAF8CbZ8fyWzJ3IG2z+P19FsPdWz+4JMeS1knnY+XsKhhdzYzD3d/8t+ZHY0ud9sz+z+p255/N+fvuHFva7JRuEQbhgNtn+/7tHtleIIfdePe1u7mqJcbP0wc3pcbM5xdHM9+ZYOLLh8z/MYLz0z2/UI01v7Kro+e23Hg2e37+9v4XlBB6M4X/DcKAECeXHHO8NXXTwg+MnPpFrU6yYdRpYP+31cPbR39OelJfQAA9Oi9eMOP/qmipDgaa5/8+J/7T+FE6CUGhKb+q6MAAED+tB46/NCfdx85emz2yoiFfNDzjPUBAAD0Zbq0AwAASH0AAABIfQAAAEh9AAAASH0AAABIfQAAAEh9AAAAUh8AAABSHwAAAFIfAAAAUh8AAABSHwAAAFIfAAAAUh8AAIDUBwAAgNQHAACA1AcAAIDUBwAAgNQHAACA1AcAAIDUBwAAIPUBAAAg9QEAACD1AQAAIPUBAAAg9QEAACD1AQAAIPUBAABIfQAAAEh9AAAASH0AAABIfQAAAEh9AAAASH0AAABSHwAAAFIfAAAAUh8AAABSHwAAAFIfAAAAUh8AAABSHwAAgNQHAACA1AcAAIDUBwAAgNQHAACA1AcAAIDUBwAAgNQHAAAg9QEAACD1AQAAIPUBAAAg9QEAACD1AQAAIPUBAAAg9QEAAEh9AAAASH0AAABIfQAAAEh9AAAASH0AAABIfQAAAEh9AAAAUh8AAABSHwAAAL3R/wDd9Kx7DqJrBgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Ansible Modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

Product Guide

1.2

September 2020

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Notes, cautions, and warnings

NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better
use of your product.

CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates either potential damage to hardware or loss
of data and tells you how to avoid

the problem.

WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal
injury, or death.

© 2016 - 2020 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Dell,
EMC, and other trademarks are trademarks of Dell Inc. or its
subsidiaries.

Other trademarks may be trademarks of their respective owners.

![image](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAk8AAABSCAIAAADCcqdVAAAACXBIWXMAABYlAAAWJQFJUiTwAAABEElEQVR42u3VQQEAAATAQPTWSzw9uIuwzzJ6AgBOKwkAcDsAcDsAcDsAcDsAcDsAcDsAcDsAcDsA3A4A3A4A3A4A3A4A3A4A3A4A3A4A3A4AtwMAtwMAtwMAtwMAtwMAtwMAtwMAtwPA7QDA7QDA7QDA7QDA7QDA7QDA7QDA7QBwOwBwOwBwOwBwOwBwOwBwOwBwOwBwOwDcDgDcDgDcDgDcDgDcDgDcDgDcDgDcDgC3AwC3AwC3AwC3AwC3AwC3AwC3AwC3A8DtAMDtAMDtAMDtAMDtAMDtAMDtAMDtAHA7AHA7AHA7AHA7AHA7AHA7AHA7AHA7ANwOANwOANwOANwOANwOANwOANwOANwOgJcWS7gB2d0Za/EAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Introduction

This chapter contains the following topics:

Topics:

• Product overview

Product overview

The Ansible Modules for Dell EMC PowerMax are used to automate and
orchestrate the configuration, and deployment of the

Dell EMC PowerMax arrays. The capabilities of Ansible modules are
managing volumes, storage groups, ports, port groups,

hosts, host groups, masking views, snapshots, SRDF pairings and state,
gather high level facts about the arrays and RDF group

configuration. The options available for each capability are list, show,
create, delete, and modify.

The Ansible modules are called by tasks within the Ansible playbooks.
The Idempotency feature is enabled for all the modules.

The Idempotency feature enables the playbook to be run multiple times
and hence supports fault tolerance. The modules use

Unisphere RESTAPI to interface with the PowerMax arrays.

List of Ansible Modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

The following are the list of modules:

● Gather facts module

● Storage group module

● Volume module

● Host module

● Host group module

● Port module

● Port group module

● Masking view module

● Snapshot module

● SRDF module

● RDF Group module

1

Introduction 3

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Configure Ansible

This chapter contains the following topics:

Topics:

• Software prerequisites

• Set up the Ansible host

Software prerequisites

This table provides information about the software prerequisites for the
Ansible Modules for Dell EMC PowerMax.

Prerequisites

Table 1. Software prerequisites

Ansible

Modules

Unisphere

Version

PowerMaxOS Red Hat

Enterprise Linux

Python

version

Python library

version

Ansible

v1.0 9.0

5978.221.221

5978.444.444

7.5 2.7.12 3.0.0.14 2.6 or later

v1.1 9.0

9.1

5978.221.221

5978.444.444

7.5

2.7.12

3.5.2

3.1.x 2.6 or later

v1.2 9.1 and above

5978.221.221

5978.444.444

5978.665.665

7.5

7.6, 7.7, 7.8, and

8.2

2.7 or later

9.1.0.0 and above 2.8 or later

NOTE: Unisphere Version 9.1 is compatible with PowerMax Python library
version 9.1.x.x. Similarly, Unisphere version above

9.1 only works with Python library version greater than 9.1.x.x.

Set up the Ansible host

The Ansible server must be configured to write and run Ansible
playbooks.

About this task

Do the following before you run playbooks on Ansible modules for Dell
EMC PowerMax:

Steps

​1. Install Python library for Unisphere.

Run the following command to install PyU4V:

sudo apt install python-pip

pip install PyU4V

For more information, see PyU4V Documentation.

2

4 Configure Ansible

[](https://pyu4v.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

​2. Create the dellemc folder in one of the following folders if it is
not available:

● For Python 2.7
/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/ansible/modules/storage

● For Python 3.5
/usr/lib/python3.5/site-packages/ansible/modules/storage

​3. Create the dell folder in one of the following folders if it is not
available:

● For Python 2.7
/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/ansible/module\_utils/storage

● For Python 3.5
/usr/lib/python3.5/site-packages/ansible/module\_utils/storage

​4. Copy the Ansible modules to the appropriate locations in the virtual
machine.

​a. Copy dellemc\_ansible\_powermax\_utils.py and \_init\_.py from the
/utils to one of the following locations:

● For Python 2.7
/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/ansible/module\_utils/storage/dell

● For Python 3.5
/usr/lib/python3.5/site-packages/ansible/module\_utils/storage/dell

​b. Copy all the module python files from the /library folder to one of
the following:

● For Python 2.7
/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/ansible/modules/storage/dellemc

● For Python 3.5
/usr/lib/python3.5/site-packages/ansible/modules/storage/dellemc/

​c. Copy the dellemc\_powermax.py from /doc\_fragments to one of the
following:

● For Python 2.7
/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/ansible/plugins/doc\_fragments

● For Python 3.5
/usr/lib/python3.5/site-packages/ansible/plugins/doc\_fragments/

NOTE: The path may vary depending on the Python library version and the
operating system.

Configure Ansible 5

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

This chapter presents the following topics:

Topics:

• Gather Facts module

• Storage group module

• Volume module

• Host module

• Host group module

• Port module

• Port Group module

• Masking View module

• Snapshot module

• SRDF Module

• RDF Group module

Gather Facts module

The Gather Facts module displays a list of specific entities in PowerMax
array. The Gather facts module is used with Ansible to

register values that are used in conditional statements within the
playbooks.

The Gather Facts module supports two sets of operations.

● Operations on the Unisphere server

● Operations on the PowerMax array registered under an Unisphere server

On the Unisphere host, the Gather Facts module lists the registered
storage arrays that are managed by the Unisphere host.

On the PowerMax array, the Gather Facts module lists the following
entities:

● Arrays in an Unisphere host

● Volumes in a specific array

● Storage groups in a specific array

● Hosts in a specific array

● Host groups in a specific array

● Storage resource pools in a specific array

● Ports in a specific array

● Port groups in a specific array

● Masking views in a specific array

● RDF groups in a specific array

● Health status of the array

● Support for generic filters for PowerMax array entities

Get list of volumes

The user can get the list of volumes and TDEV volumes in the storage
array by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is as follows:

- name: Get list of volumes

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

3

6 Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

tdev\_volumes: “True”

gather\_subset:

- vol

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of arrays

The user can get the list of registered storage arrays that are managed
by the Unisphere host by running the appropriate

playbook.

The syntax for the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get array list

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of storage group

The user can get the list of storage groups in the array by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax for the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get list of Storage groups

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

gather\_subset:

- sg

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of storage resource pool

The user can get the list of storage resource pools, and the details of
each storage resource pool in the array by running the

appropriate playbook.

The syntax for the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get list of Storage Resource Pools

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

7

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

gather\_subset:

- srp

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of port groups

The user can get the list of port groups in the array by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax for the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get list of Port Groups

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

gather\_subset:

- pg

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of hosts

The user can get the list of hosts in the array by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax for the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get list of Hosts

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

gather\_subset:

- host

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of host groups

The user can get the list of host groups in the array by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax for the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get list of Host Groups

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

8

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

gather\_subset:

- hg

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of ports

The user can get the list of ports in the array by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax for the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get list of Ports

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

gather\_subset:

- port

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of masking views

The user can get the list of masking views available in the storage
array by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax for the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get list of Maskng Views

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

gather\_subset:

- mv

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of RDF groups

The user can get the list of RDF groups in the array by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax for the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get list of all RDF Groups of given PowerMax/VMAX Storage System

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

gather\_subset:

- rdf

register: subset\_result

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

9

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

- debug:

var: subset\_result

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get array health status

The user can get the health status of the storage arrays that are
managed by the Unisphere host by running the appropriate

playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is as follows:

- name: Get array health status

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: "{{unispherehost}}

“universion: ”{{universion}}"

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

gather\_subset:

- health

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get list of volumes and storage groups with filter

The user can get the list of volumes and storage groups, with
appropriate filter, in the arrays that are managed by the Unisphere

host by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is as follows:

- name: Get list of volumes and storage groups with filter

dellemc\_powermax\_gatherfacts:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

gather\_subset:

- vol

- sg

filters:

- filter\_key: “tdev”

filter\_operator: “equal”

filter\_value: “True”

- filter\_key: “cap\_gb”

filter\_operator: “equal”

filter\_value: “5”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

10

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gather Facts module parameters

The following table provides the information about the parameters that
are displayed on the console, when the user runs the

playbook using the Gather facts module:

Table 2. Parameters

Parameter Choices/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verify the SSL certificate.

● False - Do not verify the SSL

certificate.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The user name to access the Unisphere

server. The user name can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

optional.

gather\_subset

● vol

● srp

● sg

● pg

● host

● hg

● port

● mv

● rdf

● health

List of string variables to specify the

PowerMax entities for which the

information is required. Required only if

serial\_no is present.

● vol - volumes

● srp - storage resource pools

● sg - storage groups

● pg - port groups

● host - hosts

● hg - host groups

● port - ports

● mv - masking views

● rdf - RDF groups

● health - health status of a specific

PowerMax array

tdev\_volumes

● True

● False

This parameter supports a boolean

variable. By setting the value of this

parameter to True, only TDEV Volumes

will be listed. The default value of this

parameter is True.

filters

filter\_key

Name identifier of the filter.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 11

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 2. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choices/default Comments

NOTE: Filters are applicable only

when it is a valid filter\_key, else

the SDK will ignore it and return the

usual result.

If a valid filter\_key is passed and

the given condition does not match,

then an empty list is generated in the

output.

filter\_operator

● equal

● greater

● lesser

● like

Operation to be performed on filter key.

filter\_value

Value of the filter key.

NOTE: When the filter\_value is

given as True or False, then the

filter\_operator is ignored

irrespective of its value, because the

SDK treats the value as bool type.

filters:

- filter\_key: tdev

filter\_operator: equal

filter\_value: True

Storage group module

The Storage group module manages the storage groups available on the
PowerMax storage array.

The storage group module has the following functionalities:

● List the volumes of a storage group.

● Create a storage group.

● Delete an existing storage group.

● Add existing volumes to a storage group.

● Remove existing volumes from a storage group.

● Create volumes in a storage group.

● Modify the storage group attributes.

● Add child storage group to a parent storage group.

● Remove child storage group from a parent storage group.

● Add new volumes to SRDF protected storage group.

● Remove volumes from SRDF protected storage group.

Get details of storage group including the volumes

The user can get the details of a storage group in the array. The
details include the list of volumes within the storage group.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get storage group details including volumes

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

12

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “ansible\_sg”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Create empty storage group

The user can create an empty storage group by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create empty storage group

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “foo”

service\_level: “Diamond”

srp: “SRP\_1”

compression: True

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete empty storage group

The user can delete an empty storage group by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete the storage Group

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “foo”

state: “absent”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Add existing volumes to the existing storage group

The user can add one or more existing volumes to a storage group by
running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Adding existing volume(s) to existing SG

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

13

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “foo”

state: “present”

volumes:

- vol\_id: “00028”

- vol\_id: “00018”

- vol\_id: “00025”

vol\_state: “present-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Add new volumes to SRDF protected storage group

The user can add volumes to a SRDF protected storage group by running
the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Add volumes to SRDF protected storage group

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

state: “present”

volumes:

- vol\_name: “{{vol\_name1}}”

size: 1

cap\_unit: “GB”

- vol\_name: “{{vol\_name2}}”

size: 1

cap\_unit: “GB”

vol\_state: “present-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

NOTE:

Add volumes to SRDF protected storage group is supported from PowerMax
foxtail\_version (v5978.444.444)

onwards.

Create new volumes for existing storage group

The user can create new volumes for an existing storage group by running
the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create new volumes for existing SG

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “foo”

state: “present”

volumes:

- vol\_name: “foo”

size: 1

14

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

cap\_unit: “GB”

- vol\_name: “bar”

size: 1

cap\_unit: “GB”

vol\_state: “present-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Remove volumes from storage group

The user can remove one or multiple volumes from a storage group by
running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Remove volume(s) from existing SG

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “foo”

state: “present”

volumes:

- vol\_id: “00028”

- vol\_id: “00018”

- vol\_name: “ansible-vol”

vol\_state: “absent-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Remove volumes from SRDF protected storage group

The user can remove multiple volumes from a SRDF protected storage group
by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Remove volumes from SRDF protected storage group

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

state: “present”

volumes:

- vol\_name: “{{vol\_name1}}”

- vol\_name: “{{vol\_name2}}”

vol\_state: “absent-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

15

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Add child storage group to parent storage group

The user can add a child storage group to a parent storage group by
running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Adding child SG to parent SG

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “parent\_sg”

state: “present”

child\_storage\_groups:

- “pie”

- “bar”

child\_sg\_state: “present-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Remove child storage group from parent storage group

The user can remove a child storage group from a parent storage group by
running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Removing child SG from parent SG

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “parent\_sg”:

state: “present”

child\_storage\_groups:

- “pie”

- “bar”

child\_sg\_state: “absent-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Rename storage group

The user can rename a storage group by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Rename Storage Group

dellemc\_powermax\_storagegroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “ansible\_sg”:

16

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

new\_sg\_name: “ansible\_sg\_renamed”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Storage Group module parameters

The following table lists the parameters that must be set before the
user runs the playbook for the Storage Group module:

Table 3. Parameters

Parameter Choices/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verifies the SSL certificate.

● False - Specifies that the SSL

certificate should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The user name to access the Unisphere

server. The user name can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

mandatory.

sg\_name

The name of the storage group. This

parameter is mandatory.

new\_sg\_name

The new name of the storage group.

service\_level

The name of the service level

srp

The name of the storage resource pool.

This parameter is ignored if the

service\_level is not specified. The

default value is the name of the default

storage resource pool of the array.

compression

● true

● false

The default value is true.

Defines if the compression is enable for

a storage group. This parameter is

unavailable if the service\_level is

not specified.

state

● absent

● present

Defines whether the storage group

should exist or not. This parameter is

mandatory.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 17

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 3. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choices/default Comments

volumes

This parameter lists the volumes present

in the storage group. Each volume has

four attributes.

● vol\_name

● size

● cap\_unit

● vol\_id

Use either volume name or volume ID to

identify the volumes. Both cannot be

used simultaneously to identify the

volumes. For new volumes that are

added to storage group, the name and

size must be provided. This parameter is

optional.

vol\_state

● present-in-group

● absent-in-group

Defines the state of the volumes inside

the storage group.

child\_storage\_groups

Lists the child storage group.

child\_sg\_state

● present-in-group

● absent-in-group

Describes the state of child storage

group in a parent storage group.

Volume module

The Volume module manages the storage volumes on PowerMax arrays.

The volume module has the following capabilities:

● Create volume.

● Expand volume.

● Rename volume.

● Delete volume using the volume ID.

● Move volumes between storage groups.

● Get volume details.

The volume module has the following capabilities using WWN:

● Expand volume.

● Rename volume.

● Delete volume using the volume ID.

● Move volumes between storage groups.

● Get volume details.

● Add new volume to SRDF protected storage group.

● Expand volume which is part of SRDF protected storage group.

Create volume

The user can create a volume in the storage group by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create volume

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

18

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

vol\_name: “{{vol\_name}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

size: 1

cap\_unit: “{{cap\_unit}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Expand volume

The user can expand the size of the volumes by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Expand volume size

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

size: 3

cap\_unit: “{{cap\_unit}}”

vol\_id: “0059B”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Rename volume

The user can rename the volume by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Rename volume

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

new\_name: “{{new\_vol\_name}}”

vol\_id: “0059B”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete volume

The user can delete the volume by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete volume

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

19

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

vol\_id: “0059B”

state: ’absent’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Move volumes between storage group

The user can move the volumes from one storage group to another by
running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Move volume between storage group

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

vol\_name: “{{vol\_name}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

new\_sg\_name: “{{new\_sg\_name}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Add new volume to SRDF protected storage group

The user can add a volume to the SRDF protected storage group by running
the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Add new volume to SRDF protected storage group

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

vol\_name: “{{vol\_name}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

size: 1

cap\_unit: “{{cap\_unit}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

NOTE:

Add volume to SRDF protected storage group is supported from PowerMax
foxtail\_version (v5978.444.444)

onwards.

20 Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Expand volume of SRDF protected storage group using volume

name

The user can expand volume of SRDF protected storage group using volume
name by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Expand volume of SRDF protected storage group using volume name

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

vol\_name: “{{vol\_name}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

size: 8

cap\_unit: “{{cap\_unit}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

NOTE: Expand volume of SRDF protected storage group using volume name is
supported from PowerMax foxtail\_version

(v5978.444.444) onwards.

Expand volume of SRDF protected storage group using volume

identifier

The user can expand volume of SRDF protected storage group using
identifier by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Expand volume of SRDF protected storage group using volume
identifier

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

vol\_id: “{{vol\_id}}”

size: 8

cap\_unit: “{{cap\_unit}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

NOTE:

Expand volume of SRDF protected storage group using volume identifier is
supported from PowerMax

foxtail\_version (v5978.444.444) onwards.

Get volume using WWN

The user can get details of a volume using WWN by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get volume details

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

21

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

vol\_wwn: “{{result.volume\_details.wwn}}”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Expand volume using WWN

The user can expand the size of the volumes using WWN by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Expand volume using wwn

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

size: 21

cap\_unit: “{{cap\_unit}}”

vol\_wwn: “{{result.volume\_details.wwn}}”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Move volumes between storage groups using WWN

The user can move the volumes using WWN, from one storage group to
another by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Move volume between Storage group

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

vol\_wwn: “{{result.volume\_details.wwn}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

new\_sg\_name: “{{new\_sg\_name}}”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Rename volume using WWN

The user can rename the volume using WWN by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Rename volume

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

22

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

new\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_Renamed”

vol\_wwn: “{{result.volume\_details.wwn}}”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete volume using WWN

The user can delete the volume using WWN by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete volume

dellemc\_powermax\_volume:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

vol\_wwn: “{{result.volume\_details.wwn}}”

state: “absent”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Volume module parameters

The parameters of the Volume module are listed as follows:

Table 4. Parameters

Parameter Choices/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verifies the SSL certificate.

● False - Specifies that the SSL

certificate should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The user name to access the Unisphere

server. The user name can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 23

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 4. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choices/default Comments

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

mandatory.

vol\_name

The name of the volume.

new\_name

The new identifier for the volume.

sg\_name

The name of the current storage group.

new\_sg\_name

The name of the target storage group

for moving volumes from one storage

group to another.

size

The desired size of the volume. This

parameter is mandatory when you create

or expand the volume. Shrinking of

volumes is not supported.

cap\_unit

● MB

● GB

● TB

The default unit is GB.

Volume capacity unit.

vol\_id

The native id of the volume. This

parameter is optional.

state

● absent

● present

Defines whether the volume should exist

in the storage group. This parameter is

mandatory.

vol\_wwn

The external WWN of the volume. This

parameter is optional.

Host module

The host module manages the host within the PowerMax array.

The host module has the following functions:

● Create host with initiators and host flags.

● Add initiators to the host.

● Remove initiators from the host.

● Modify host flag values.

● Rename host.

● Delete host.

Create host

The user can create a host by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create host

dellemc\_powermax\_host:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

24

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

host\_name: “{{host\_name}}”

initiators:

- 10000090fa7b4e85

host\_flags:

spc2\_protocol\_version: true

consistent\_lun: true

volume\_set\_addressing: ’unset’

disable\_q\_reset\_on\_ua: false

openvms: ’unset’

state: ’present’

initiator\_state: ’present-in-host’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get details of the host

The user can get details of the host by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

-name: Get host details

dellemc\_powermax\_host:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

host\_name: “{{host\_name}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Add initiator to host

The user can add an initiator to the host by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Adding initiator to host

dellemc\_powermax\_host:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

host\_name: “{{host\_name}}”

initiators:

- 10000090fa3d303e

initiator\_state: ’present-in-host’

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

25

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Remove initiators from host

The user can remove initiators from the host by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Removing initiator from host

dellemc\_powermax\_host:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

host\_name: “{{host\_name}}”

initiators:

- 10000090fa3d303e

initiator\_state: ’absent-in-host’

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Modify host flags

The user can modify the host flags by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Modify flags of host

dellemc\_powermax\_host:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

host\_name: “{{host\_name}}”

host\_flags:

spc2\_protocol\_version: unset

consistent\_lun: unset

volume\_set\_addressing: true

disable\_q\_reset\_on\_ua: false

openvms: false

avoid\_reset\_broadcast: true

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Rename host

The user can rename the host by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Rename host

dellemc\_powermax\_host:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

26

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

host\_name: “{{host\_name}}”

new\_name: “{{new\_host\_name}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete host

The user can delete the host by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete host

dellemc\_powermax\_host:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

host\_name: “{{new\_host\_name}}”

state: ’absent’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Host module parameters

The parameters of the Host module are listed as follows:

Table 5. Parameters

Parameter Choice/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verifies the SSL certificate.

● False - Specifies that the SSL

certificate should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The user name to access the Unisphere

server. The user name can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

mandatory.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 27

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 5. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choice/default Comments

host\_name

The name of the host. The following

conditions are applicable when naming

the host:

● Do not use special characters except

“\_.”

● Case sensitive for RestAPI calls.

This parameter is mandatory.

new\_name

The new name of the host when you

rename the host. The following

conditions must be met when you enter

a new name:

● Do not use special characters except

“\_.”

● Case sensitive for RestAPI calls.

initiators

Lists the initiator WWN or IQN that

needs to be added to or removed from

the host.

host\_flags

● yes

● no

● unset

The default parameter is unset.

Enter as in yaml dictionary. The

host\_flags are optional. All the

host\_flags are listed below.

● volume\_set\_addressing

● disable\_q\_reset\_on\_ua

● environ\_set

● avoid\_reset\_broadcast

● openvms

● scsi\_3

● spc2\_protocol\_version

● scsi\_support1

● consistent\_lun

state

● absent

● present

Defines whether the host must exist in

the system.

● absent - indicates that the host must

not exist in the system.

● present - indicates that the host

must exist in the system.

This parameter is mandatory.

initiator\_state

● present-in-host

● absent-in-host

Defines whether the initiator must be

available in the host.

● present-in-host - indicates that the

initiator must be present in the host.

● absent-in-host - indicates that the

initiator must not be present in the

host.

This parameter is mandatory for the

following conditions:

● Create a host with initiators.

● Add initiators to a host.

● Remove initiators from a host

28 Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Host group module

The host group module manages the host group within the PowerMax array.
A host group is a container for multiple hosts and

enables simple configuration of clusters.

The functions of the host group module are as follows:

● Create host group with hosts.

● Add hosts to a host group.

● Remove hosts from a host group.

● Rename host group.

● Modify the host flags of a host group.

● Delete host group.

Create host group

The user can create a host group by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create host group

dellemc\_powermax\_hostgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

hostgroup\_name: “{{hostgroup\_name}}”

hosts:

- Ansible\_Testing\_host

state: ’present’

host\_state: ’present-in-group’

host\_flags:

spc2\_protocol\_version: true

consistent\_lun: true

disable\_q\_reset\_on\_ua: false

openvms: ’unset’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get details of host group

The user can get the details of the host group by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get host group details

dellemc\_powermax\_hostgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

hostgroup\_name: “{{hostgroup\_name}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

29

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Add host to host group

The user can add host to a host group by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Adding host to host group

dellemc\_powermax\_hostgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

hostgroup\_name: “{{hostgroup\_name}}”

hosts:

- Ansible\_Testing\_host2

state: ’present’

host\_state: ’present-in-group’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Remove host from host group

The user can remove a host from the host group by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Removing host from host group

dellemc\_powermax\_hostgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

hostgroup\_name: “{{hostgroup\_name}}”

hosts:

- Ansible\_Testing\_host2

state: ’present’

host\_state: ’absent-in-group’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Modify host group flags

The user can modify the host flags by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Modify flags of host group

dellemc\_powermax\_hostgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

hostgroup\_name: “{{hostgroup\_name}}”

host\_flags:

spc2\_protocol\_version: unset

disable\_q\_reset\_on\_ua: false

30

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAABBYAAAVWCAIAAACmb60lAAAACXBIWXMAABYlAAAWJQFJUiTwAAAZSElEQVR42uzcoUpsYRiF4fUPgnErKGgxGLwJ65jF6i2IV6NRbNNNCjJ5d70Ek3WHwWD4TtieEzczQQ4Dz1Omr/DB6z9jq6okwzAEAABgUtd1MysAAADrkxAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAA4He0qrICAACwJq8QAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAA/93O+DEMgy0AAIBpXdd5hQAAADYgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACwTVpVWQEAAFiTVwgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAID/bmf8GIbBFgAAwLSu67xCAAAAG5AQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAACAbdKqygoAAMCavEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAA+CWLxcIIAADAOvb29vL9/W0IAABgTa2qWmtJqsocgIMAuAnA9E3wWwgAAGADEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAsFWqKsnNzY0pgCRnZ2dJ5vO5KYAkBwcHSY6OjkwB/DsFrapaa2NIAKxWq8vLy+VyaQogyfPz88vLy93dnSmAJLe3t/f39zs/JdGaRYBR13VuAjDa398/PDx0E4DR+G2Fn1eIxWJxfX1tFODi4mK5XHqZBEbHx8efn59uAjAa/6DwkxD5+6MIwGlwEAA3AZi4Cf4jEwAAsAEJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBDA1prP50YAACa0qjo/P1+tVldXV+YAknx8fJycnNgBSDKbzb6+vnZ3d00BJHl9fc34CtH3/dvbm0WAJO/v74+Pj6enp6YAkjw9PT08PNgBGPV93/d9q6rWWpKqMgrgIABuAjB9E/wWAgAA2ICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAA+NN+HZswDEMBFPwKAoFR7UG8noy280bGYBDIXQhp0oe7EV73AAsBAABYCAAAwEIAAAAWAgAAsBAAAAAWAgAAsBAAAICFAAAALAQAAGAhAAAACwEAAGAhAAAACwEAAFgIAADAQgAAABYCAACwEAAAABYCAACwEAAAgIUAAAAsBAAAYCEAAAALAQAAYCEAAAALAQAAWAgAAMBCAAAAFgIAALAQAAAAFgIAALAQAACAhQAAACwEAABgIQAAAAsBAABgIQAAAAsBAABYCAAAwEIAAAAWAgAA+FNpzplS2vc95ywHEBGllPu+dQAAPtVae+/Xdb0iYts2/wC8resqAgDw5TzP1tqyLGnOOcawEAAAwE/HcTxPkrMfid5oPwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

openvms: false

avoid\_reset\_broadcast: true

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Rename host group

The user can rename the host group by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Rename host group

dellemc\_powermax\_hostgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

hostgroup\_name: “{{hostgroup\_name}}”

new\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_hostgroup2”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete host group

The user can delete the host group by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete host group

dellemc\_powermax\_hostgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

hostgroup\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_hostgroup2”

state: ’absent’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Host Group module parameters

The parameters of the Host Group module are listed as follows with an
example:

Table 6. Parameters

Parameter Choice/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 31

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 6. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choice/default Comments

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verifies the SSL certificate.

● False - Specifies that the SSL

certificate should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The user name to access the Unisphere

server. The user name can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

mandatory.

host\_group\_name

The name of the host group. The

following conditions must be met when

you enter the name:

● Do not use special characters except

“\_.”

● Case sensitive for RestAPI calls.

This parameter is mandatory.

new\_name

The new name of the host group when

you rename the host group. The

following conditions must be met when

you enter a new name:

● Do not use special characters except

“\_.”

● Case sensitive for RestAPI calls.

hosts

Lists of the host names that are added

to the host group or removed from host

group. You can create an empty host

group.

host\_state

● present-in-group

● absent-in-group

Defines whether the host must be

available in the host group.

● present-in-group - indicates that the

host must be present in the host

group.

● absent-in-group - indicates that the

host must not be present in the host

group.

host\_flags

● yes

● no

● unset (default)

Enter as in yaml dictionary. All the

host\_flags are listed below.

● volume\_set\_addressing

● disable\_q\_reset\_on\_ua

● environ\_set

32 Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 6. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choice/default Comments

● avoid\_reset\_broadcast

● openvms

● scsi\_3

● spc2\_protocol\_version

● scsi\_support1

● consistent\_lun

state

● absent

● present

Defines whether the host group must be

present in the system.

● absent - The host must not be

present in the system.

● present - The host must be present

in the system.

This parameter is mandatory.

Port module

The ports available on the PowerMax array are managed by the Port
module. The Port module lists the details of single or

multiple ports.

Get details of single/multiple ports

The user can get the details of single or multiple ports by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get details of single/multiple ports

dellemc\_powermax\_port:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{array\_id}}”

ports:

- director\_id: “FA-1D”

port\_id: “5”

- director\_id: “SE-1F”

port\_id: “29”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Port module parameters

The parameters for the Port module are listed as follows with an
example:

Table 7. Parameters

Parameter Choice/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 33

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 7. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choice/default Comments

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verifies the SSL certificate.

● False - Specifies that the SSL

certificate should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The user name to access the Unisphere

server. The user name can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

mandatory.

ports

Lists the port director and the port id.

Port Group module

The Port Group module manages the port group in the PowerMax array.

The port group management module has the following functions:

● Create a port group with ports.

● Create empty port group.

● Add ports to a port group.

● Remove ports from a port group.

● Rename a port group.

● Remove a port group.

Create port group without ports

The user can create a port group without ports by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create port group without ports

dellemc\_powermax\_portgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{array\_id}}”

portgroup\_name: “{{portgroup\_name}}”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

34

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Create port group with ports

The user can create a port group with ports by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create port group with ports

dellemc\_powermax\_portgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{array\_id}}”

portgroup\_name: “{{portgroup\_name}}”

state: “present”

ports:

- director\_id: “FA-1D”

port\_id: “5”

- director\_id: “FA-2D”

port\_id: “5”

port\_state: “present-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Add ports to port group

The user can add ports to a port group by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Add ports to port group

dellemc\_powermax\_portgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{array\_id}}”

portgroup\_name: “{{portgroup\_name}}”

state: “present”

ports:

- director\_id: “FA-2D”

port\_id: “8”

- director\_id: “FA-2D”

port\_id: “9”

port\_state: “present-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Remove ports from port group

The user can remove ports from the port group by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Remove ports from port group

dellemc\_powermax\_portgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

35

![image](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAABBMAAAReCAIAAAAKYu+4AAAACXBIWXMAABYlAAAWJQFJUiTwAAATd0lEQVR42u3ZsQ3AMAwDwTjw/rNKEzADGFCRKgHuRmD34KqqCwAAYHSbAAAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4mAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAAD4uJXECgAAwMznAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAMBpd7cVAACAmc8BAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAUA4AAMA7K4kVAACAmc8BAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAgNPubisAAAAznwMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAMoBAABQDgAAgHIAAACUAwAAgHIAAACUAwAAoBwAAADlAAAAKAcAAEA5AAAAygEAAFAOAAAAygEAAFAOAACAcgAAAJQDAACgHAAAAOUAAAAoBwAAQDkAAAAoBwAAQDkAAADKAQAAUA4AAIByAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAAlAMAAKAcAAAA5QAAACgHAABAOQAAAP/0AC8BFy72aHDaAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{array\_id}}”

portgroup\_name: “{{portgroup\_name}}”

state: “present”

ports:

- director\_id: “FA-2D”

port\_id: “8”

- director\_id: “FA-2D”

port\_id: “9”

port\_state: “absent-in-group”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Rename port group

The user can rename the port group by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Modify port group

dellemc\_powermax\_portgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{array\_id}}”

portgroup\_name: “{{portgroup\_name}}”

state: “present”

new\_name: “{{new\_name}}”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete port group

The user can delete a port group by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete port group

dellemc\_powermax\_portgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{array\_id}}”

portgroup\_name: “{{portgroup\_name}}”

state: “absent”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

36

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Port Group module parameters

The parameters for the Port Group module are listed as follows with an
example:

Table 8. Parameters

Parameter Choice/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verifies the SSL certificate.

● False - Specifies that the SSL

certificate should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The user name to access the Unisphere

server. The user name can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

mandatory.

portgroup\_name

The name of the port group. The

following conditions must be met when

you enter the name:

● Do not use special characters except

“\_.”

● Case sensitive for RestAPI calls.

This parameter is mandatory.

state

● absent

● present

Defines whether the port group must be

present in the system.

● absent: The port group must not be

present in the system.

● present: The port group must be

present in the system.

This parameter is mandatory.

ports

Lists the port director and ports that are

added to the port group or removed

from port group.

port\_state

● present-in-group

● absent-in-group

Defines whether the port must be

available in the port group.

● present-in-group: indicates that the

port must be present in the port

group.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 37

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 8. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choice/default Comments

● absent-in-group: indicates that the

port must not be present in the port

group.

new\_name

The new name of the port group when

you rename the port group. The

following conditions must be met when

you enter a new name:

● Do not use special characters except

“\_.”

● Case sensitive for RestAPI calls.

Masking View module

The Masking View module manages the masking views on the PowerMax array.

The masking view module has the following functions:

● Create masking view with a port group, storage group, host, or host
group.

● Modify masking view.

● Delete masking view.

For creating a masking view, the port groups, storage groups, hosts, and
host groups must be present on the array. Once the

masking view is created, only the name of the masking view can be
changed. The entities such as port group, storage group,

hosts, or host group cannot be changed. The masking view can be created
either for a host or a host group, but not for both.

The host name or a host group name must be provided to create masking
view.

Create masking view with host group

The user can create a masking view with a host group by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create MV with hostgroup

dellemc\_powermax\_maskingview:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

mv\_name: “{{mv\_name}}”

portgroup\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_portgroup”

hostgroup\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_hostgroup”

sg\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_SG”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Create masking view with host

The user can create a masking view with host by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create MV with host

38

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

dellemc\_powermax\_maskingview:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

mv\_name: “{{mv\_name}}”

portgroup\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_portgroup”

host\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_host”

sg\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_SG”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Rename masking view

The user can rename the masking view by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Rename host masking view

dellemc\_powermax\_maskingview:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

mv\_name: “{{mv\_name}}”

new\_mv\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_mv\_renamed”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete masking view

The user can delete the masking view by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete host masking view

dellemc\_powermax\_maskingview:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

mv\_name: “Ansible\_Testing\_mv\_renamed”

state: “absent”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

39

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Masking View module parameters

The parameters for the Masking View module are listed as follows with an
example:

Table 9. Parameters

Parameter Choice/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verifies the SSL certificate.

● False - Specifies that the SSL

certificate should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The user name to access the Unisphere

server. The user name can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

mandatory.

mv\_name

The name of the masking view. The

following conditions must be met when

you enter the name:

● Do not use special characters except

“\_.”

● Case sensitive for RestAPI calls.

This parameter is mandatory.

new\_mv\_name

The new name of the masking view

when you rename the existing masking

view. The following conditions must be

met when you provide the new name for

masking view:

● Do not use special characters except

“\_.”

● Case sensitive for REST API calls.

portgroup\_name

The name of the existing port group.

hostgroup\_name

The name of the existing host group.

Use this parameter to create cluster

export.

host\_name

The name of the existing host. Use this

parameter to create an exclusive host or

to export to a host.

40 Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 9. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choice/default Comments

sg\_name

The name of the existing storage group.

state

● absent

● present

Defines whether the masking view must

be present on the system. This

parameter is mandatory.

Snapshot module

The Snapshot module manages the snapshots available on the PowerMax
array.

The snapshot module has the following functions:

● Create a storage group snapshot.

● Get details of a storage group snapshot.

● Rename a storage group snapshot.

● Change storage group snapshot link status.

● Delete storage group snapshot.

Create snapshot for a storage group

The user can create a snapshot for a storage group by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create a Snapshot for a Storage Group

dellemc\_powermax\_snapshot:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “ansible\_sg”

snapshot\_name: “ansible\_sg\_snap”

ttl: “2”

ttl\_unit: “days”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get details of storage group snapshot

The user can get details of a storage group snapshot by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get Storage Group Snapshot details

dellemc\_powermax\_snapshot:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “ansible\_sg”

snapshot\_name: “ansible\_sg\_snap”

state: “present”

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

41

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete storage group snapshot

The user can delete a storage group snapshot by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete Storage Group Snapshot

dellemc\_powermax\_snapshot:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “ansible\_sg”

snapshot\_name: “ansible\_sg\_snap”

generation: 1

state: “absent”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Rename storage group snapshot

The user can rename the storage group snapshot by running the
appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Rename Storage Group Snapshot

dellemc\_powermax\_snapshot:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “ansible\_sg”

snapshot\_name: “ansible\_sg\_snap”

new\_snapshot\_name: “ansible\_snap\_new”

generation: 0

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Change snapshot link status to linked

The user can change the link status of the snapshot to linked by running
the appropriate playbook

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Change Snapshot Link Status to Linked

dellemc\_powermax\_snapshot:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “ansible\_sg”

42

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

snapshot\_name: “ansible\_snap\_new”

generation: 1

target\_sg\_name: “ansible\_sg\_target”

link\_status: “linked”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Change snapshot link status to unlinked

The user can change the link status of the snapshot to unlinked by
running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Change Snapshot Link Status to UnLinked

dellemc\_powermax\_snapshot:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “ansible\_sg”

snapshot\_name: “ansible\_snap\_new”

generation: 1

target\_sg\_name: “ansible\_sg\_target”

link\_status: “unlinked”

state: “present”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Snapshot module parameters

The parameters for the Snapshot module are listed as follows with an
example:

Table 10. Parameters

Parameter Choice/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verifies the SSL certificate.

● False - Specifies that the SSL

certificate should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The user name to access the Unisphere

server. The user name can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 43

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 10. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choice/default Comments

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

mandatory.

sg\_name

The name of the storage group. This

parameter is mandatory.

snapshot\_name

The name of the snapshot. This

parameter is mandatory.

new\_snapshot\_name

The new name of the snapshot.

generation

The generation number of the Snapshot.

Generation is mandatory for link, unlink,

rename, and delete operations. Optional

for Get snapshot details operation.

Create snapshot creates a snapshot with

generation number 0. Rename is

supported only for generation number 0.

target\_sg\_name

The target storage group name.

link\_status

● linked

● unlinked

Defines the link status of the snapshot.

ttl

The Time To Live (TTL) value for the

Snapshot. If the TTL value is not

specified, the storage group snapshot

details would be returned. However, to

create a storage group snapshot, the

TTL must be specified. If the storage

group snapshot does not have a TTL

value, specify the TTL value as “None.”

ttl\_unit

● hours

● days

The unit for TTL. If no ttl\_unit is

specified, ’days’ is taken as default value.

state

● absent

● present

Defines whether the snapshot must exist

on the storage array. This parameter is

mandatory.

SRDF Module

The SRDF Module manages the SRDF links in Dell EMC PowerMax arrays. The
SRDF Module supports the following

functionalities:

● Create SRDF links with the following replication modes:

○ Synchronous

○ Asynchronous

○ Adaptive copy

○ Active mode

● Get SRDF pair states for a given storage group and RDFG number.

● Modify SRDF link mode.

● Perform the following operations:

○ Establish

○ Restore

44

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

○ Swap

○ Failover

○ Resume

○ Suspend

○ Split

○ Failback

○ Setbias

● Metro configurations: Set bias operation, change resiliency between
bias and witness.

● Run create and update operations Asynchronously (by default) or
synchronously.

● Get Job details for a given Job ID.

● Delete SRDF links.

● Concurrent SRDF configuration support.

● Online Device expansion support

NOTE: The following features are not supported:

● The Star and Cascaded SRDF configurations

● The Invalidate, Ready, Not Ready, Move Pairs, and Refresh SRDF pairing
operations

● Migration use cases through the SRDF Module

Create SRDF links

The user can create SRDF links by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create and establish storagegroup SRDF/S pairing

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

remote\_serial\_no: “{{remote\_serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

srdf\_mode: ’Synchronous’

srdf\_state: ’Establish’

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Create and establish a storage group SRDF/a pairing

The user can create and establish a storage group SRDF/a pairing by
running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create and establish storagegroup SRDF/a pairing

register: Job\_details\_body

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

remote\_serial\_no: “{{remote\_serial\_no}}”

srdf\_mode: ’Asynchronous’

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

45

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

srdf\_state: ’Establish’

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Create a storage group SRDF/s pair in suspended mode

The user can create a storage group SRDF/s pair in the default suspended
mode by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create storagegroup SRDF/s pair in default suspended mode as an

Synchronous task

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name2}}”

remote\_serial\_no: “{{remote\_serial\_no}}”

state: ’present’

srdf\_mode: ’Synchronous’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get SRDF details

The user can get SRDF details by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get SRDF details

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Modify SRDF mode

The user can modify SRDF mode by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Modify SRDF mode

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

46

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

srdf\_mode: ’Synchronous’

state: ’present’

You can modify the srdf\_mode parameter to any of the following modes:

● Synchronous

● Asynchronous

● Adaptive copy

● Active

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Failover SRDF link

The user can perform failover operation by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Failover SRDF link

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

srdf\_state: ’Failover’

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Failback SRDF link

The user can perform failback operation by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Failback SRDF link

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{ serial\_no }}”

sg\_name: "{{sg\_name}}\`\`

rdfg\_no: “{{rdfg\_no}}”

srdf\_state: “Failback”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

47

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Create storage group Metro SRDF pair with Witness for resiliency

The user can create a storage group Metro SRDF pair with Witness for
resiliency by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create storagegroup Metro SRDF pair with Witness for resiliency

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

remote\_serial\_no: “{{remote\_serial\_no}}”

state: ’present’

srdf\_mode: ’Active’

srdf\_state: ’Establish’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Get SRDF Job status

The user can get SRDF Job status by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get SRDF Job status

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

job\_id: “{{job\_id}}”

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Establish SRDF link

The user can establish the SRDF link by running the appropriate
playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Establish SRDF link

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

srdf\_state: ’Establish’

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

48

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Create and Establish concurrent SRDF link

The user can establish the concurrent SRDF link (one at a time) by
running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Create and Establish SRDF pairing with remote array 1

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

remote\_serial\_no: “{{remote\_serial\_no\_1}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

srdf\_state: ’Establish’

srdf\_mode: ’Synchronous’

state: ’present’

- name: Create and Establish SRDF pairing with remote array 2

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

remote\_serial\_no: “{{remote\_serial\_no\_2}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

srdf\_state: ’Establish’

srdf\_mode: ’Adaptive Copy’

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Suspend SRDF link

The user can suspend the SRDF link by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Suspend SRDF link

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name2}}”

srdf\_state: ’Suspend’

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

49

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Suspend concurrent SRDF link

The user can suspend the concurrent SRDF link (one at a time) by running
the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Suspend SRDF link

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name2}}”

srdf\_state: ’Suspend’

state: ’present’

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete SRDF link

The user can delete the SRDF links by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete SRDF link

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name}}”

state: ’absent’

NOTE: Only links in Suspended states can be deleted.

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

Delete concurrent SRDF link

The user can delete the concurrent SRDF link (one at a time) by running
the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Delete SRDF link

dellemc\_powermax\_srdf:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: “{{r1\_serial\_no}}”

sg\_name: “{{sg\_name1}}”

rdfg\_no: “{{rdfGroupNumber}}”

state: ’absent’

wait\_for\_completion: True

50

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

NOTE: Only links in Suspended states can be deleted.

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

SRDF module parameters

The following table provides information about the parameters that are
displayed on the console, when the user runs the

playbook using SRDF Module:

Table 11. Parameters

Parameter Choices/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This parameter

is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software. This

parameter is optional.

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - indicates that the SSL certificate should

be verified.

● False - indicates that the SSL certificate

should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The username to access the Unisphere server.

The username can be encrypted using Ansible

vault. This parameter is mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere server.

The password can be encrypted using Ansible

vault. This parameter is mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the source PowerMax or

VMAX array (primary array), when protecting a

storage group. This parameter is mandatory.

NOTE: You can issue srdf\_state operations

from a primary or remote array.

remote\_serial\_no

A 12-Digit serial number of the remote PowerMAX

or VMAX array (remote). This parameter is

mandatory when creating an SRDF pair.

sg\_name

Name of the Storage group. SRDF pairings are

managed at a storage group level. This parameter

is required to identify the SRDF link.

This parameter is mandatory.

srdf\_mode

● Active

● Adaptive Copy

● Synchronous

● Asynchronous

The replication mode of the SRDF pair. This

parameter is mandatory when creating an SRDF

pair. It can be modified by specifying one of the

following values:

● Active

● Adaptive Copy

● Synchronous

● Asynchronous

state

● present

● absent

Define whether the SRDF pairing should exist or

not.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 51

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 11. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choices/default Comments

● present - indicate that the SRDF pairing should

exist in the system.

● absent - indicate that the SRDF pairing should

not exist in the system.

This parameter is mandatory.

srdf\_state

● Establish

● Restore

● Swap

● Failover

● Resume

● Suspend

● Split

● Failback

● Setbias

Desired state of the SRDF pairing. This parameter

is optional. While creating a new SRDF pair, the

allowed values are Establish and Suspend. If

the srdf\_state parameter is not specified, the

pair will be created in the Suspend state.

new\_rdf\_group

● True

● False

The default value is false.

PowerMax has a limited number of RDF groups. If

this flag is set to True, and the RDF groups are

exhausted, then SRDF link creation will fail.

rdfg\_number

The RDF group number. This parameter is optional

for each call. For the create operation, if

specified, the array will reuse the RDF group, or

display an error. For the modify and delete

operations, if the RFD group number is not

specified, the storage group is protected by

multiple RDF Groups. This causes an error.

job\_id

Job ID of an Asynchronous task. This parameter is

used to get the details of a job.

wait\_for\_completion

● True

● False

The default value is false.

Flag to indicate if the operation should be run

synchronously or asynchronously.

● True - Synchronous

● False - Asynchronously

The default value is False. All create and update

operations will be run asynchronously by default.

witness

● True

● False

Flag to specify use of Witness for a Metro

configuration. The flag can be set only for

modifying the srdf\_state parameter to either

Establish, Suspend or Restore.

● True - To use Witness

● False - To use Bias

NOTE: It is recommended to set this

parameter for SRDF Metro in a production

environment. Use Unipshere for PowerMAX UI

or REST API to configure this parameter.

NOTE: Set witness to true when you

create a Metro configuration.

52 Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAABBYAAARTCAIAAABQ1TciAAAACXBIWXMAABYlAAAWJQFJUiTwAAAV90lEQVR42u3cMUubexjG4ecfpC0otNAKZhF1cSw4CS4t1A8QNzc/ibwuTrp1szgotKOORTp0KKF0EbsWRZwCmUoTdFCfDrFpq+eIGQ6cnnNdk6738PD+fBNLZkbE169fAwAA4FYPHz6sWQEAALg7CQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAPiTlMy0AgAAcEfeQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAAD4h3z48MEIAADAXTx69Cgy0xAAAMAdDfV/0hJARJRSHATATQBuuQm+CwEAAAxAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAA/iiZGRFLS0umACJieno6IsbGxkwBRMT4+LgRgGtKZj579uz9+/e2ACLi/Px8dXV1eXnZFEBEHB4efvr0aXFx0RRARLx58+bly5dXbyH8xRHoefLkiRGAvunp6d7LSYD48WmFod4vz58/f/36tVGAer0ePz7iCFBKcROAazehZKbrAHhcANwE4I43wX9kAgAABiAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAf5Kh/k8rKyvmAJaWlra2tra3t4+OjqwBPH369MuXL+vr651OxxpAT8nMubm5TqezsLBgDuDi4uLk5GRyctIUQER0u92zs7PHjx+bAoiIvb29q4QopUREZhoFmJ+ff/funYMA9NTr9Var5SYAPb1wkBDAX5wGBwFwE4C/uwm+Tg0AAAxAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAPAfVTKzlBIRVVWZA4iItbW1qqo6nY4pgOPj4/39/UajYQqgnwzeQgC/6Xa7MzMz+gHoGR4enpiYsAPwq59vITLTHEC9Xm+1Wg4CcPWg4CEBuHETJATgcQFwE4ABboIPMgEAAAOQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABIC+HcZGxszAgBwi5KZpZSIqKrKHEBEfPz4cXZ21g5ARNRqtbOzs3v37pkC6CeDtxDAb9rt9tu3b0dGRkwBRMTu7u7GxoYdgF/9fAuRmeYAHATATQBuvwneQgAAAAOQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAKJlZSomIqqrMAUTE2tpaVVWdTscUwPHx8f7+fqPRMAXQTwZvIYDfdLvdmZkZ/QD0DA8PT0xM2AH41c+3EJlpDqBer7daLQcBuHpQ8JAA3LgJEgLwuAC4CcAAN8EHmQAAgAFICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAP8HL168MAIAcIuSmXNzc91ut9FomAOIiJOTk/HxcTsAEVGr1U5PT+/fv28KICL29vai9xai2WweHBxYBIiIz58/b25uTk1NmQKIiN3d3VevXtkB6Gk2m81ms2RmKSUiMtMogIMAuAnA7TfBdyEAAIABSAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAASAgAAEBCAAAASAgAAEBCAAAAEgIAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAACAhAAAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAABICAAAQEIAAABICAAAQEIAAAASAgAAkBAAAICEAAAAJAQAAICEAAAAJAQAACAhAAAACQEAAEgIAABAQgAAAEgIAABAQgAAABICAACQEAAAgIQAAAAkBAAAgIQAAAAGUDKzlLK+vv7t2zdzABExOjrabrftAABcs7Ozc3BwMHR5ebmwsKAfgL4HDx4YAQC4qdFoRO8thC0AAIC7aLfb3wH8OW0c7rMrUQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

RDF Group module

The RDF Group module provides details of the RDF group and the list of
volumes available on a specified RDF Group. The RDF

group module supports the Get details of RDF Groups and volumes
function.

Get RDF group and volumes details

The user can get details of an RDF group and the list of volumes in a
specific RDF Group, by running the appropriate playbook.

The syntax of the playbook is shown as follows:

- name: Get RDF Group detail and Volumes

dellemc\_powermax\_rdfgroup:

unispherehost: “{{unispherehost}}”

universion: “{{universion}}”

verifycert: “{{verifycert}}”

user: “{{user}}”

password: “{{password}}”

serial\_no: {{ serial\_no }}

rdfgroup\_number: “{{rdfgroup\_number}}”

register: “rdfgroup\_result”

The parameters must be set before the user runs the playbook. See the
Parameters table for more information about the

parameters.

RDF Group module parameters

The parameters for the RDF Group module are listed as follows with an
example:

Table 12. Parameters

Parameter Choice/default Comments

unispherehost

IP or FQDN of the Unisphere host. This

parameter is mandatory.

universion

● 91

● 92

The version of the Unisphere software.

This parameter is optional.

verifycert

● True

● False

To validate the SSL certificate.

● True - Verifies the SSL certificate.

● False - Specifies that the SSL

certificate should not be verified.

This parameter is mandatory.

user

The username to access the Unisphere

server. The username can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

password

The password to access the Unisphere

server. The password can be encrypted

using Ansible vault. This parameter is

mandatory.

serial\_no

The serial number of the PowerMax

array. If this parameter is absent, the

script lists all the serial numbers of the

registered array on the specified

Unisphere host. This parameter is

mandatory.

Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax 53

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)

Table 12. Parameters (continued)

Parameter Choice/default Comments

rdfgroup\_number

The serial number of the RDF Group,

used to get the details of an RDF Group

and list the volumes of the specified RDF

Group.

54 Ansible modules for Dell EMC PowerMax

![image](data:image/png;base64,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)
